- [[Highlights]]
- [[Science]]
- [[Technology]]
- [[Philosophy]] 
- [[Humanity]]
- [[Everything]]
- [[Aesthetics]]                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Greetings fellow reality connoisseur!

- I explore [[artificial intelligence]], [[engineering]], [[science]], [[mathematics]], [[physics]], [[systems theory]], [[information theory]], [[computer science]], [[mechanistic interpretability]], [[cognitive science]], [[argumentation theory]], [[transhumanism]], [[singularity]], [[freedom]], [[growth]], [[social systems]], [[cybernetics]], [[neurotechnology]], [[wellbeing]], [[agency]], [[meaning]], [[motivation]], [[meditation]], [[psychedelics]], [[omnidisciplionary]], [[omniperspectivity]], [[philosophy]], [[risks]], [[Artificial intelligence safety]], [[future]] of [[humanity]] in post [[Artificial general intelligence]] world and [[sentience]] in the whole [[universe]]. 
- How does artificial intelligence, that might soon become very general and superintelligent, works from an multidisciplinary lens using all sorts of mathematics and methodologies from computer science, statistics, information theory, physics, systems theory, mechanistic interpretability, game theory, cognitive science and so on? - What's the current state of the art in research and industry mainly around but not limited to artificial intelligence? What are the most effective methods to make it better? What would be considered as AGI and superintelligence? How much does safety play a role? 
- How will the current artificial intelligence revolution transform humanity technologically, economically, culturally, governmentaly? Can it automate everything, from science to industry to art? Is AI a tool like scissors, or like internet, or as powerful as nuclear weapons? How does existing technology already make us cyborgs? Is singularity near? How will singularity look like? 
- What is the best simplest most predictive and explanatory, most useful, integrating, unifying model in all natural sciences? Can we translate everything into physics? How to most effectively create a generalist synthesis, but also narrowly model reality concretely on each level of abstraction, scruting the seemingly inscrutable reality's quantum turing machine? How do we turn the seeming alchemy of empirical sciences into deep understanding of its underlying mechanisms by the most optimal compression? How can AI accelerate this? How can we infer the best tools for different domains for different usecases? 
- How can we collectively effectively communicate and understand what is empirically true by steelmanning eachother, accelerating omniperspectivity, bridging between eachother, instead of polarizing tribalism more disconnected from reality, leading to improved collective decision making? How do we understand our limited computational power, data and perspective as information processing agents when modelling the world's enormous growing complexity together to collectively flourish in the future? How can artificial intelligence help us in this process? 
- How to be not naively technooptimistic or technopessimistic, but something in the middle, technorealistic? How can we the most effectively use science, technology and other methods to adapt or solve the biggest world problems, from suffering from for example poverty to wars to crises to various existential risks such as natural or engineered pandemics, nuclear war, environmental collapse or maybe technology itself becoming too powerful or in the hands of the wrong people, as some AI researchers say? Should it be open source? What is the best political system, liberalism, collectivism, individualism, benevolent humans or AGI, decentralization, democracy, minimal state? Should we regulate more or less? How to prevent realistic risks? How to prevent regulatory capture? Is universal basic income or services realistic? 
- How do we collectively steer all of sentience not into oppressive dystopia without democracy, or complete extinction, or plateau, but into collective protopia, collective growth of science and technology, connection, knowledge, wellbeing, drive, freedom, intelligence, agency, longterm adaptability and sustainability, bliss, love, peace, safety, meaning, truth, fulfillment, selfactualization, resistance to entropy, optional transhumanistic merging with eachother or machines or the universe, and so on, for every being, using the most optimal collective emergent selforganized sentient coordinated thermodynamic cybernetic architecture that might expand into the whole universe and become a beautiful cosmic constellation of linked posthumanist clusters of sentient matter of any form it wishes to shapeshift into?
- How does the brain work? How to integrate the lenses of statistics, biology, neuroscience, chemistry, fundamental and overall physics from classical to statistical to quantum mechanics, systems theory or other mathematics? How does learning work, what kind of intelligence is it when compared to AIs? How does wellbeing, agency, drive, productivity, meaning etc. work on the level of the brain and the whole society? On what level is it genetic and on what level is it environmental? What is the physical substrate of experience? How does experience arise? What's the best philosophy of mind position? What are the best psychotechnologies and neurotechnologies strenghtening, weakening or transforming the hardware and software, like psychotheraphy, selfhelp, mental tools, substances, brain computer interfaces, cold exposure or just healthy lifestyle, what are the realistic limits? How can we upgrade our conscious substrate collectively? Is immortality possible?
- How does meditation and psychedelics work? What are the most optimal meditation techniques for internal metaprogramming, wellbeing and cultivation of wellbeing, meaning, connection, freedom and drive? Can we make spiritual traditions scientific? How to engineer the best psychedelic experience? How to use metamodernism, worldviews, philosophical assumptions, or identities the most efficiently in different contexts? How to balance acceptance and change? How to be, do, and become the most meaningfully? What are all the possible experiences? Can we map out the statespace of consciousness? What is on the edge of the mind? How to approximate with language and modelling experiences that go absolutely beyond any conventional conceptual understanding when all mental faculties dissolve? 
- What is the most useful logic and mathematical foundations? What are the most beautiful, novel and exotic parts of formal sciences? Can we mathematize ethics? Are positions in metaphysics with ontology arbitrary? What is the best epistemology according to information theory? What are the best positions in philosophy for science, meaning, wellbeing and freedom? 
- Omni/Acc = Steelman and if possible verify all models from all disciplines, all theoretical, applied, natural, formal, social sciences, all movements with worldviews shaping the future, all overall philosophical or other perspectives, and synthesize them all on a higher level of complexity as compatibly as possible for collective survival, wellbeing, flourishing and growth of all of sentience! Let's integrate it all into one useful framework!